Adding openscapes and renaming exampels to tutorials (#150)
ESA-EarthCODE/documentation: pages/Training and Resources/openscapes.md

# ESA Openscapes Champions Lessons

> In spring 2026, ESA partnered with Openscapes to lead a 10–week Champions Cohort to explore open data science practices to help participants experiment and plan FAIR principles for Earth Observation and EarthCODE. This is a short overview of the lessons; please see [ TODO LINK TO EARTHCODE BLOG POST ] to learn about what participants did and accomplished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In spring 2026, ESA partnered with Openscapes to lead a 10–week Champions Cohort to explore open data science practices to help participants experiment and plan FAIR principles for Earth Observation and EarthCODE. This is a short overview of the lessons; please see [this post](https://openscapes.org/blog/2026-06-30-esa-champions-2026/), "On-ramp to FAIR data in the EarthCODE Federation. Recap of our first ESA Openscapes Champions Cohort" to learn about what participants did and accomplished.
```
